306) A company is using IAM Organizations to develop a multi-account secure networking strategy. The company plans to use
separate centrally managed accounts for shared services, auditing, and security inspection. The company plans to provide
dozens of additional accounts to application owners for production and development environments.
Company security policy requires that all internet traffic be routed through a centrally managed security inspection layer in the
security inspection account. A security engineer must recommend a solution that minimizes administrative overhead and
complexity.
Which solution meets these requirements?
A.Use IAM Control Tower. Modify the default Account Factory networking template to automatically associate new accounts
with a centrally managed VPC through a VPC peering connection and to create a default route to the VPC peer in the default
route table. Create an SCP that denies the CreatelnternetGateway action. Attach the SCP to all accounts except the security
inspection account.
B.Create a centrally managed VPC in the security inspection account. Establish VPC peering connections between the security

inspection account and other accounts. Instruct account owners to create default routes in their account route tables that point

to the VPC peer. Create an SCP that denies the.

Attach InternetGateway action. Attach the SCP to all accounts except the security inspection account.

C.Use IAM Control Tower. Modify the default Account Factory networking template to automatically associate new accounts
with a centrally managed transit gateway and to create a default route to the transit gateway in the default route table. Create
an SCP that denies the AttachInternetGateway action. Attach the SCP to all accounts except the security inspection account.
D.Enable IAM Resource Access Manager (IAM RAM) for IAM Organizations. Create a shared transit gateway, and make it
available by using an IAM RAM resource share. Create an SCP that denies the CreatelnternetGateway action. Attach the SCP to
all accounts except the security inspection account.

Create routes in the route tables of all accounts that point to the shared transit gateway.


Answer: C ping